Add framework for custom uniform priors (#183)
ajshajib/dolphin: CONFIG_OPTIONS.rst

           gaussian_prior:
             0: [[gamma, 2.11, 0.03], [theta_E, 1.11, 0.13]]

>     - ``uniform_prior``: *(Optional)* Adjust dolphin's default lower and upper bounds for lens parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ``uniform_prior``: *(Optional)* Adjust ``dolphin``'s default lower and upper bounds for lens parameters.
```

             0: 
               [[R_sersic, 0.21, 0.15]]

>     - ``uniform_prior``: *(Optional)* Adjust dolphin's default lower and upper bounds for lens light parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ``uniform_prior``: *(Optional)* Adjust ``dolphin``'s default lower and upper bounds for lens light parameters.
```

           gaussian_prior:
             0: [[beta, 0.15, 0.05]]

>     - ``uniform_prior``: *(Optional)* Adjust dolphin's default lower and upper bounds for source light parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ``uniform_prior``: *(Optional)* Adjust ``dolphin``'s default lower and upper bounds for source light parameters.
```
